docs: add upgrading info about node service (#7241)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

  longer exported and have been replaced with `node.New` and
  `node.NewDefault` which provide more functional interfaces.

> To access any of the functionality previously avalible vai the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access any of the functionality previously available via the
```

`node.Node` type, use the `*local.Local` "RPC" client, that exposes
the full RPC interface provided as direct function calls. Import the
`github.com/tendermint/tendermint/rpc/client/local` package and pass
the node service as in the following: 

>     node := node.NewDefault() //construct the node object
>     // start and set up the node service 
> 
> 	client := local.New(node.(local.NodeService))
> 	// use client object to interact with the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```go
    node := node.NewDefault() //construct the node object
    // start and set up the node service 

    client := local.New(node.(local.NodeService))
    // use client object to interact with the node
```
```

Reviewer: Lol I can't add the code blocks. Inception doesn't work with markdown

Reviewer: The main point of this wasn't so much the code blocks (although I think they look better) but more that the indentation was the same

Author: oh nice.

what is inception?

Reviewer: Well recursion really. I was creating a code block for the suggestion that had a code block for the go code inside it. (Which turns out doesn't work)
